docs(helm): Improve the helm's NOTES.txt (#12744)
grafana/loki: production/helm/loki/templates/NOTES.txt

***********************************************************************
 Welcome to Grafana Loki
 Chart version: {{ .Chart.Version }}
 Chart Name: {{ .Chart.Name }}
 Loki version: {{ .Chart.AppVersion }}
***********************************************************************

** Please be patient while the chart is being deployed **

Tip:

  Watch the deployment status using the command: kubectl get pods -w --namespace {{ $.Release.Namespace }}

> If pods are too long to schedule make sure pod affinity can be fulfilled in the current cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If pods are taking too long to schedule make sure pod affinity can be fulfilled in the current cluster.
```

* query frontend
{{- end }}
{{- end }}

> {{- if eq (include "loki.deployment.isSingleBinary" .) "true" }}

Reviewer: https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/55b94903415c1bbe3a6cbd7d3a3a5f2d47f4f8a1/production/helm/loki/values.yaml#L30
Should this be `deploymentMode` ?

```suggestion
{{- if eq (include "loki.deploymentMode.isSingleBinary" .) "true" }}
```

Author: No this is correct. It's a template. I also tested this with `--dry-run` and all possible variations.

If Grafana operates within the cluster, you'll set up a new Loki datasource by utilizing the following URL:

{{- if .Values.gateway.enabled }}

http://{{ include "loki.gatewayFullname" . }}.{{ $.Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local/

{{- else }}
{{- if eq (include "loki.deployment.isSingleBinary" .) "true" }}

http://{{ include "loki.singleBinaryFullname" . }}.{{ $.Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:{{ .Values.loki.server.http_listen_port }}/

{{- end}}
{{- if eq (include "loki.deployment.isScalable" .) "true" }}

http://{{ include "loki.readFullname" . }}.{{ $.Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:{{ .Values.loki.server.http_listen_port }}/

{{- end }}
{{- if eq (include "loki.deployment.isDistributed" .) "true" }}

http://{{ include "loki.queryFrontendFullname" . }}.{{ $.Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:3100/

{{- end }}
{{- end }}

{{- if .Values.loki.auth_enabled }}

***********************************************************************
Multi-tenancy
***********************************************************************

Loki is configured with auth enabled (multi-tenancy) and expects tenant headers (`X-Scope-OrgID`) to be set for all API calls.

> Grafana's Loki datasource should be configured using the `HTTP Headers` section with the `X-Scope-OrgID` to target a specific tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must configure Grafana's Loki datasource using the `HTTP Headers` section with the `X-Scope-OrgID` to target a specific tenant.
```

For each tenant, you can create a different datasource.

> The agent of your choice should also be configured to propagate this header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent of your choice must also be configured to propagate this header.
```

For example, when using Promtail you can use the `tenant` stage. https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/send-data/promtail/stages/tenant/

> When not providing the `X-Scope-OrgID` while the auth is enabled, Loki will reject reads and writes with a 404 status code `no org id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When not provided with the `X-Scope-OrgID` while auth is enabled, Loki will reject reads and writes with a 404 status code `no org id`.
```
